UIP-635: breakout links (#390)
cbinsights/form-design-system: src/base-styles/helperClasses/links/links.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Story } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";
import { Example, generalStyles, containerStyles, layoutStyle, labelStyle } from 'base-styles/styledocUtils';
import { TableLayout } from "components/util/Table"
import { State } from 'components/util/storybook';

<Meta title="Style Utilities/Links"  />

export const Breakout = () => (
  <div className="alignChild--center--center" style={{ border: "1px dashed #f09", width: "200px", height: "200px", position: "relative" }}>
    <State
      initialValue={true}
      render={(value, setValue) => (
        <button className="breakoutLink" onClick={() => setValue(!value)}>
          Breakout Button {value ? "Off" : "On"}
        </button>
      )}
    >
    </State>
  </div>
)

export const TypeLink = () => (
  <button className="resetButton type--link" onClick={() => window.alert('Terms of service.')}>
    Link
  </button>
)

# Links

<TableLayout
  isCSS
  headers={['class', 'description', 'sample']}
  rows={[

>     ['breakoutLink', 'Allow button to extend to the bounds of the nearest position relative element. https://css-tricks.com/breakout-buttons/', {children: <Breakout /> }],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ['breakoutLink', 'Allows a button or link to extend to the bounds of the nearest position relative element. https://css-tricks.com/breakout-buttons/', {children: <Breakout /> }],
```

Reviewer 2: 👍 thanks!
